README.md, before:

# lxx
## What is it?
lxx is an simplified version of C and C++ based on Lua. It is written in C, C++ and is made to be portable. It is also embeddable, interpreted, bytecoded, and assembly compiled. It comes with a load of libraries for USB 
control, FFI, audio, etc. lxx's focus is to be a portable language that works everywhere while being simple
and made to make applications and games.

## Features
- Ultrafast and presice 
- FFI
- Embeddable
- Audio control
- Easy to use
- C-like syntax
- Interpreted, Bytecoded, and Standalone executables
- Read [examples](/Examples.md) for more
- Supports using lua alongside lxx
## Building
### Dependencies
- Make (if you want to build)
- GCC or Clang (if you want to build)
- GCC (if you want to use core.macros())
### Building
- `git clone https://github.com/AsynchronousAI/lxx`
- `cd lxx`
- `make src`
### Other options
- `make clean` - Cleans the build
### End result
- `lxx` executable in the `../dist` folder for interpreting
- `lxxc` executable in the `../dist` folder for compiling to bytecode
- `lxxasm` executable in the `../dist` folder for making .o files from bytecode
- If you chose to move them to the PATH/$PATH they will be there instead of the dist folder
## Credits
- Lua (Ljs Starting point)
- Ljs (Starting point)
- selene (Used in Linter)
- libffifb (Used in FFI)
- LuaDist (Alot of their code is used in lxx)
## TODO:
- FFI
- Publish extension

Commit message:

CMake, just need to rename executables now.

README.md, after:

# lxx
## What is it?
lxx is an simplified version of C and C++ based on Lua. It is written in C, C++ and is made to be portable. It can be used as a standalone language, or embedded into C or C++, or 
bridged to even more languages. It is made to be simple, and low level. It is also made to be cross platform, and can be used on Windows, Linux, and MacOS. It has alot of 
built in tools for all uses, like a set of VScode tools, a linter, a compiler, a syntax highlighter, bytecoder, interpreter, FFI, complex numbers, and more. Its purpose is to
be a simplified, high lever but at the same time low level language that can be used for anything and is made to be served as an alternative to Lua, C, and C++.

## Lua vs Lxx
- Lua is a scripting language                           | Lxx is a programming language
- Lua is interpreted and bytecoded                      | Lxx is interpreted, bytecoded, and assembly compiled
- Lua is made to be embedded                            | Lxx is made to be embedded, bridged, and used as a standalone language
- Lua is made to be simple                              | Lxx is made to be simple and low level
- Lua is made to be portable                            | Lxx is made to be portable
- Lua cannot access memory directly                     | Lxx can access memory directly
- Lua cannot use Macros                                 | Lxx can use Macros, even compiler defined C macros (ex: _\_\APPLE\_\_, _\_\WIN32\_\_, etc)
- Lua uses Makefiles                                    | Lxx uses CMake
- Lua uses a garbage collector                          | Lxx uses a garbage collector, and manual memory management
- Pure Lua doesnt support complex numbers               | Lxx supports complex numbers
- Lua doesnt have Vector3, Color, Vector2, etc          | Lxx has Vector3, Color, Vector2, etc
- Lua has a very "quirky" syntax                        | Lxx has a more C like syntax
- Lua doesnt have a built in FFI (not including LuaJIT) | Lxx has a built in FFI
- Lua is good at cross platform                         | Lxx is great at cross platform with alot of tools to help
- Lua uses coroutines (which arent really threads)      | Lxx uses real threads using pthreads (or windows threads on windows)
- Lua lacks a communication system between threads      | Lxx has a communication system between threads
- Lua is more light weight and for scripting            | Lxx is also light weight but is for longer programs and games
## Building
### Dependencies
- CMake (if you want to build)
- NPM (if you want to build the VSCode extension)
- VSCE (if you want to build the VSCode extension)
- GCC or Clang (if you want to build)
- GCC (if you want to use core.macros())
Using it doesnt require any dependencies apart from core.macros() which requires GCC in the user's device
### Building
- `git clone https://github.com/AsynchronousAI/lxx`
- `cd lxx`
- `cmake .`
- `make`
This will result in 2 files in the lxx folder, lxx and lxxc. You can test the shell using `./lxx` and try
some code then install it to your PATH/$PATH.
### Other options
- `make clean` - Cleans the build
### End result
- `lxx` executable in the `../dist` folder for interpreting
- `lxxc` executable in the `../dist` folder for compiling to bytecode
- `lxxasm` executable in the `../dist` folder for making .o files from bytecode
- If you chose to move them to the PATH/$PATH they will be there instead of the dist folder
## Credits
- Lua (Ljs Starting point)
- Ljs (Starting point)
- selene (Used in Linter)
- libffifb (Used in FFI)
- LuaDist (Alot of their code is used in lxx)
## TODO:
- FFI
- Publish extension
